.TH "Music Daemon" 1

.SH NAME
musicd, music collection indexing and streaming daemon

.SH SYNOPSIS
musicd [CONFIG...] [OPTION]

.SH DESCRIPTION
musicd is a daemon for indexing ans streaming music collection. It supports all
file formats supported by libavformat and libavcodec.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP --config <PATH>
Configuration file path. 
.IP --no-config <BOOL>
If set to true, no config file is attempted to read.

.SH Configuration

These options are essentially the same that can be set in configuration file.
Refer to doc/musicd.conf for more details.

.IP --music-directory <PATH>
The directory where musicd will search music from.

.IP --directory <PATH>
Sets db-file to directory/musicd.db and cache-dir to directory/cache
If the directory doesn't exist, the daemon tries creating it, otherwise RW
access is needed.
The default value is ~/.musicd

.IP --db-file <PATH>
Database file location. The directory must exist and the daemon must have RW
access there.

.IP --cache-dir <PATH>
Location of cache directory. The directory must exist and the daemon must
have RW access there.

.IP --bind <INTERFACE>
Defines where the daemon will bind. Valid values are 'any', IP address or
path to a unix socket.
The default value is 'any'.

.IP --port <PORT>
The TCP port daemon will bind to if bind is not set to a unix socket.
The default value is 6800.

.IP --log-level <LEVEL>
Maximum verbosity of printed log messages. Valid values are fatal, error,
warning, info, verbose, debug and default.
The default level is info.

.IP --log-time-format <FORMAT>
Format of log time stamps. See strftime(3) man page for syntax and options.
The default format is %H:%M:%S

.IP --user <STRING>
User name for accessing the daemon

.IP --password <STRING>
Password for accessing the daemon

.SH TRAILING OPTION
.IP --help
Show help and exit.
.IP --version
Show version info and exit.

.SH AUTHOR
Konsta Kokkinen (kray@tsundere.fi)
